The target directory is where everything gets compiled to.
It's also where all of your tests get ran from.
So when you run a go like package,
it's also where we bundle up all of our code and our tests and run them from
the same structure, so it's contents from which your directory get packaged
into a jar and war. To create this image on the left, I went ahead on our Hello
World application and ran a maven package,
and this is what gets dumped out.
Now you can see that we have our classes directory,
just our standard source main Java,
the maven‑archiver directory, and that's what we're referring to for
our packages, and then a Surefire and test classes directory, and
that's how our code gets unit tested.
You can also see that the artifact that gets dumped out
there is the HelloWorld‑1.0‑SNAPSHOT.
Let's now look at how this ties into your POM file and syncs all these directories together.